docs: Add specific version install guide for `consul-k8s` CLI, refactor install (#12114)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/installation/install.mdx

The [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) package manager is required to complete the following installation instructions.

> -> ** NOTE: ** To deploy a previous version of Consul on Kubernetes via the CLI, you'll need to first download the specific version of the CLI that matches the version of the Control Plane that you'd like to deploy. Please follow [Install a specific version of Consul K8s CLI](/docs/k8s/k8s-cli#install-a-specific-version-of-consul-k8s-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> ** NOTE:** To deploy a previous version of Consul on Kubernetes via the CLI, you will need to first download the specific version of the CLI that matches the version of the control plane that you would like to deploy. Please follow [Install a specific version of Consul K8s CLI](/docs/k8s/k8s-cli#install-a-specific-version-of-consul-k8s-cli).
```
Removed contractions to help non-native English speakers.
